gosu/models/README.md, before:

# Ideas for jobs, stats, weapons, bosses, and skills

## Jobs
Do these first, figure out balance
* Soldier - STR
* Cleric - INT
* Rogue - DEX

Random dump list
* STR based
  * Knight
  * Brute
* INT based
  * Warmage
  * Priest
* DEX based
  * Archer
  * Ninja
* STR-INT hybrid
  * Battlemage
  * Paladin
* STR-DEX hybrid
  * Blademaster
  * Samurai
* DEX-INT hybrid
  * Woodsman
  * Tinkerer
* other
  * Angler -  mediocre on all things, bonus to in-game fishing
  * Adventurer - jack of all trades
  
## Stats

Each instance of a job (charcter) has preset base stats based on the job. These stats can be 
increased by training maps. Should base stat training be expensive? Maybe the maps can only 
be purchased at later levels or something.

Base stats don't change as level goes up, but the `base_stat_multiplier` of the character does.
Maybe for enemies this is the thing that determines XP payout by level?

## Skills

Since skills are attributes of weapons it is probably helpful to think of skills in the context
of the weapon that it goes with.

Dump of potential skill names:
* Strike
* Unholy Stink
* Guffaw
* Territorial Protection

## Weapons

Each class unlocked unlocks that classes weapon? Only 1 copy of each weapon?

* Sword (single hand)
* Sword (2 hand)
* Scimitar
* Staff
* Mace
* Axe
* Spear
* Trident
* Knuckles
* Daggers
* Rapier
* Lasso
* Bow
* Crossbow

## Bosses

* Kraken
* Giant Scorpion
* Mutated Totem
* Use random word combos here too?

Commit message:

add enemy battle action thoughts

gosu/models/README.md, after:

# Ideas for jobs, stats, weapons, bosses, and skills

## Jobs
Do these first, figure out balance
* Soldier - STR
* Cleric - INT
* Rogue - DEX

Random dump list
* STR based
  * Knight
  * Brute
* INT based
  * Warmage
  * Priest
* DEX based
  * Archer
  * Ninja
* STR-INT hybrid
  * Battlemage
  * Paladin
* STR-DEX hybrid
  * Blademaster
  * Samurai
* DEX-INT hybrid
  * Woodsman
  * Tinkerer
* other
  * Angler -  mediocre on all things, bonus to in-game fishing
  * Adventurer - jack of all trades
  
## Enemy Actions
| when | do |
|------|----|
| normal state | offensive skill |
| hp < 50% | use heal spell or heal item |
| ally hp < 20% | use heal spell or heal item on them |
| status effect && hp < 60% | use status heal |

Maybe it would be interesting to have skills be picked at random. The skills in the array
being sampled come from the above criteria.

## Stats

Each instance of a job (charcter) has preset base stats based on the job. These stats can be 
increased by training maps. Should base stat training be expensive? Maybe the maps can only 
be purchased at later levels or something.

Base stats don't change as level goes up, but the `base_stat_multiplier` of the character does.
Maybe for enemies this is the thing that determines XP payout by level?

## Skills

Since skills are attributes of weapons it is probably helpful to think of skills in the context
of the weapon that it goes with.

Dump of potential skill names:
* Strike
* Unholy Stink
* Guffaw
* Territorial Protection

## Weapons

Each class unlocked unlocks that classes weapon? Only 1 copy of each weapon?

* Sword (single hand)
* Sword (2 hand)
* Scimitar
* Staff
* Mace
* Axe
* Spear
* Trident
* Knuckles
* Daggers
* Rapier
* Lasso
* Bow
* Crossbow

## Bosses

* Kraken
* Giant Scorpion
* Mutated Totem
* Use random word combos here too?
